>> Brian: Thus far has pretty much just
been like a hack around intro to React.
That's just kinda showing you
the different use cases and
kinda like the basic gist of like what
React is and kinda building some toys.
What we're gonna do now is we're
actually going to, together,
build an app over the next couple, lots
of hours until the end of our workshop.
And we're just gonna build like
a very basic Netflix experience.
Little did you know, this is actually
just a 16 hour advertisement for Netflix,
jokes on you.
[LAUGH]
But yeah,
we're just gonna build
like a really basic app.
It's gonna have a router.
It's gonna have couple different pages,
it's gonna do Ajax request,
we're gonna over some pretty common
use cases for what your app might do.
And then you can take out pieces, put
pieces back in whatever your app requires.
And I think that's one of the cool parts
about React as opposed to something maybe
more complete like Ember
like once you're in Ember,
like I have only awesome
things to say about Ember.
It's a great framework that does a lot of
amazing things and especially if you're
drawing within the lines Ember, like if
you are within the happy path of Ember,
you can write Ember way faster
than you can write React.
Like no doubt in my mind you
can do more with less code.
What I kind of tend more towards React is,
I often want to draw outside the lines,
right?
I want to do different crazy things,
and I wanna do things my way.
And I wanna switch this module up,
for this other module, right?
Like that kind of flexibility to do
with what's good with my app and
React is definitely more
towards that kind of mindset.
And so I dare say, it's kind of,
it has maybe a higher barrier to entry.
I don't know if I would say higher
barrier to entry, but configuring React
is gonna be a lot more difficult than
something like Ember which is gonna be
pretty out of the box, especially
with EmberCLI which is fantastic.
So, I say all this to
say that I'm going to
introduce you to a bunch of
different modules as we go through.
Like React Router, Redux, Redux Thunk,
all these different libraries that I'm
going to give a lot of emphasis that this
is just one way to build an app, right?
This is a pretty good way,
I'm gonna assert it's a pretty common way.
But if you don't like some piece of this,
like say you're not a big
fan of react router, right.
You can swap that out for
director, and that's totally fine.
Like React kind of lends itself
to that sort of swapping and
plugging this module, and taking this
module out and putting this other one in.
Whereas, Ember's kind of more like, here
is your entire framework, now go forth and
make something really, really cool.
So they're just different methodologies,
they're different trains of thought, and
I assert that they're both very valid
ways to think about solving problems.
Okay, so let me make sure I
just touch on everything I
want to.
>> Brian: One thing is I have
predone all of your CSS, because who
the hell wants to write CSS, not this guy.
[LAUGH] It's just not something I
enjoy a lot, so, if you just follow
my naming conventions, and the structure
of my markup all the style comes for free.
But that being said here, I'd like to just
drop that there are cool things out there,
like Radium and Aphrodite.
There's libraries for
doing your CSS in JavaScript,
and kind of melding that together with
React so you have everything all together.
In one place,
we're not gonna do that today because I
don't really wanna touch on styling today,
that something that you can definitely
go and explore on your own time.
We're gonna do some CSS imports
which is kinda of a cool thing, and
there is some really really cool things
that you can do with this, actually let's
go ahead it first and then I'll kind of
explain to you why I think this is cool.
So go back to Webpack config real quick.
>> Brian: Also I
just wanted to mention I believe yeah,
we are on v2-4,
if you need to catch up on branch.
>> Brian: Okay, so
we have these rules right here
in our webpack.config and
what we're gonna do now is
we're gonna add another rule.
And doesn't really matter which order cuz
in this particular case it doesn't matter
which order they run in.
So I'm just gonna put it after,
put another object, and
we're gonna say hey,
>> Brian: I'm
gonna say test.
>> Brian: And if it says,
if you see a .css path, then your going
to use something called the style loader
>> Brian: And say use,
>> Brian: So what we're gonna do here is,
if it passes CSS,
we want you to use all of these loaders.
So you can actually pass
multiple build steps in here,
that's something you need to do.
In this particular case we do.
We need to use both the style loader,
and we need to use the CSS loader.
But let's say we're using les or
sass or something like that.
You can also have that
build step around here too.
I just didn't because I didn't want to.
So first I'm gonna say, first thing you
do is you're gonna run style loader.
Then after style-loader, you're gonna run
another loader but I need to pass in some
configs, so I have to give it a whole
object instead of just a string.
And the loader is going to be
called css-loader and then options,
>> Brian: And url: false.
Okay so does that make sense why I need
to pass an object here because I want
to config?
Style loader needs no configuration
it just works as default so
I'm just gonna include that one, but the
second one I need to put this URL false
configuration in, so let's chitchat
a second about style verses CSS loader.
I'm probably going to be mixing these up
just a tiny bit because often it If you're
gonna include the CSS letter,
you have to include the style
loader that's just a given.
And I believe style loader is actually
what's going to inject your styles into
your bundle.js, right?
So we're gonna have our
separate CSS file and
we're going to bundle our
CSS into our bundle.js.
And so, we're not actually going to
include any css files whatsoever, and
it's all going to come with bundle.
Now, someone might get uncomfortable
with that for good reasons,
because then you have to wait for
your JavaScript to load before your
styles load, typically not a good idea.
But this is a workshop, so
who gives a shit, right I don't anyway.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: More of a general question
from.
Do you use styles inside
react.js components at Netflix?
>> Brian: No we have a last set built out
of style sheet than we include that.
And that's just cuz that's
the way we've always done it.
So there are really cool things
you can do with Webpack,
like you can actually have it build
out like, critical CSS, in line that,
like there's a myriad of things you can
do with styles here, that are totally
advanced use cases, so I'm going to again
plug Ken's workshop about Webpack, I'm
sure he covers a lot of that cool stuff.
>> Speaker 2: He does.
>> Brian: Awesome.
And I, like I am not an expert on it.
That's the other thing.
As you can see,
writing css is not my favorite thing,
partially because I'm not good at it and
I don't like things that I'm not good at.
That's Brian Holt character flaw,
to my therapists our there.
Anyway, so css-loader,
that's what's going on here.
css-loader actually makes it so webpack
can read CSS, that it can understand CSS,
that's why we need that.
Then the options url: false,
this is just a really personal preference
that bugs me about the css-loader.
If you have a path in there
to include this image,
It's actually gonna try and
inline that image, too into your bundle.
So now your images, your CSS,
and your JavaScript and
your markup are all bundled
into that bundle.js.
I don't know why I draw the line at image,
but I certainly do.
[LAUGH] So I didn't like that.
So that's why that url false is there.
That just means don't inline my images.
Dear God, don't inline them.